When looking at your new VPC,
take note of all the things that are required to create a useful VPC.
You need the VPC itself, a routing table,
a subnet, and if you want to connect externally, an Internet gateway.
You also need all of these things connected together in the correct way.
Let's look through the things that have been created,
and how they relate to each other.
Looking at the newly created VPC,
we can see a few things about it.
In particular, make note of the CIDR address that was picked while we created the VPC,
in this case, 10.0.0.0/16.
Next, we'll take a look at the subnet.
When we look at our subnet list,
we see all the subnets for all of the VPCs that we have.
We want to filter this by our newly created VPC.
As we can see, we have one subnet created as part of this VPC.
Now that we're looking at the subnet,
we can also look at the route table.
Here we can see that both the VPC network address,
10.0.0/16 is in the route table,
as well as another entry,
the 0.0.0.0/0 entry is really what's called a default route.
So anything that doesn't match the first role,
goes to this route entry and
the target for that is the Internet gateway that was created.
From here, we can go and look at our Internet gateway.
As we can see, the Internet gateway is attached to our newly created VPC.
All of these elements connected together,
form a VPC that is actually useful to us where we can put instances in this subnet.
They will then use the associated route table,
which routes traffic through the Internet gateway,
and thus makes us a publicly accessible subnet within our new VPC.